format-dynamic-fill (#3394)
rust-lang/rfcs: text/3394-format-dynamic-fill.md

Implementation should be matching that of width and precision.

The fill and alignment is the first specified format parameter, so if the `:` is followed by:
- `"{:-^}"` a single character *c* (this includes `$`) followed by an *alignment* ⇒ the fill is *c*
- `"{:ident$>}"` a valid rust identifier *ident* followed by a `$` and an *alignment* ⇒ the fill is the named argument/variable *ident*
- `"{:1$<}"` an usize *n* followed by a `$` and an *alignment* ⇒ the fill is the *n*th argument (this does not affect the "next argument" counter matching [width](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/fmt/index.html#width))
- `"{:width$}"` a valid rust identifier or usize followed by a `$` and not followed by an *alignment* ⇒ this is the width

(*alignment* is one of `<^>`)

# Drawbacks
[drawbacks]: #drawbacks

It complicates the format spec, and it is unclear how much it might be used.

# Rationale and alternatives
[rationale-and-alternatives]: #rationale-and-alternatives

- If a minimum of 2 characters was enforced the `$` could be omitted, but this only makes this easier to mess up and is unnecessarily restrictive, as well as inconsistent with other parameters that do require `$`.

> - This can only be implemented in rust as it is impossible to drive the `Display` family traits in stable rust without using a format string.

Reviewer: Attempting to make this more clear:

```suggestion
- This cannot be implemented in a library, as the `Formatter` used by the `Display` trait does not expose a mechanism to change the fill character, and any other mechanism would not allow using the `Display` implementations throughout the ecosystem.
```
